Theme Tune: [Music]
Kevin: Hello farmers and welcome to another episode of the pocoopia season and my name is Kevin I
Jonnie: And my name is Jonnie. I come here occasionally.
Kevin: Almost went for the here's Jonnie thing, but here he is hello. Hello. I remember you. I think listeners might remember
Kevin: It's good to see you again Johnny. Oh, but uh, oh, sorry. Let's back up
Kevin: It's over here to talk about cottage corgains with mostly pocoopia. Oh, yes, we're here
Kevin: But seriously, yes, good to see you again Johnny. It has been a
Kevin: hot minute. We hope you're here to talk about that. I'm going to talk about
Kevin: Lauren's story stuff. But we'll get to that. We got news, got other stuff. But the
Kevin: biggest question for me and listeners, how you've been Johnny, what's been
Kevin: going on? Tell me about your week, your month life. It's been a minute. Tell us.
Jonnie: Yeah, it's been a while. We got my partner and I got kittens recently and they're super super cute.
Jonnie: I'll put some photos up of them in Slack. So they're super crazy and just like super cute.
Jonnie: So if you hear pairing in the background, it's because one of them has come in and decided to
Kevin: Ooh, lucky you, that's a good position to be in.
Jonnie: partake in the recording. Yeah. And like probably the reason I haven't been on the shows,
Jonnie: I just haven't been playing much recently, but I do have a game that I want to talk about.
Jonnie: That's the game I've been playing.
Jonnie: For a couple of years now, but it's still in closed beta and it's a game called Walkscape.
Jonnie: Kevin, do you know much about the landscape?
Kevin: I mean, yes. I'm familiar. I was there in when the ancient texts were written, whatever,
Kevin: with the Narnia quote. I was there in middle school in RuneScape. I was playing it on the computer lab.
Jonnie: [laughter]
Kevin: The good old days, yes.
Jonnie: Yeah, so for those that don't like it,
Jonnie: the game is built around insane rhymes, right?
Jonnie: So it's a clicker.
Jonnie: The game plays not particularly deep or particularly
Jonnie: complicated, but it takes a long time.
Jonnie: And someone has taken that concept and said,
Jonnie: what if instead of clicking at the computer,
Jonnie: you were walking and your steps kind of contributed
Jonnie: towards those grinds?
Kevin: Wait, physical walking, real life steps?
Jonnie: and they were full. Physical walking. Yeah.
Jonnie: Like Pokemon go but not terrible.
Kevin: What is this nonsense?
Jonnie: So they just released sort of a decent update.
Jonnie: And they're still in closed beta and probably will be for the next year or so.
Jonnie: But you can sign up through.
Jonnie: Patreon if you want to get on it.
Jonnie: And yeah, so they've just released two new skills into the game, hunting and tailoring.
Jonnie: And like the concept of the game is like you want to warp to a new town.
Jonnie: then that text steps. You want to do an activity at that town. It takes steps.
Jonnie: The whole basis of the game is based on those ideas of RuneScape grinds. There are some
Jonnie: grinds in this game that are crazy. A common friend of ours, Kevin, template, he's also been
Jonnie: playing and he spent over a million steps in one location to get a single item to drop to give you a
Jonnie: sort of idea of the sorts of things that this game can do to you. I've been playing for almost two years
Jonnie: now and I just took my steps before and I'm at like six and a half million steps.
Jonnie: One of the like top tier achievements in the game is to get 12 million over 12 million steps.
Jonnie: So I'm probably another two years away from that, which is kind of crazy to to say out loud.
Jonnie: And I've kind of avoided talking about it because it's in you know this closed beta, but the game is getting to a
Jonnie: state where it's like, no, I want to start recommending this to people. It's a great way to just encourage walking. I really, really like it.
Kevin: That's that's insanity for Nico frees bought for good. So you know good for good for those devs
Jonnie: Yeah
Jonnie: Exactly, it's a great game that the one downside and it's the biggest downside because I know else tried this game
Jonnie: And and this was the reason he he bounced off is the UI is really bad
Jonnie: It's it's a little bit hard to work out. It's one of those things like now. It's you know
Jonnie: It's fine. I know where everything is so it's easy to use, but like when you're coming in fresh
Jonnie: It's a little bit incomprehensible
Kevin: - Yeah.
Kevin: [laughing]
Jonnie: But you know, that's
Jonnie: Look, small teams making small games.
Jonnie: So I'm sure there's a link in the show notes because it's a great game.
Kevin: the game dev is hard. Every episode of the harvest season. Okay. That's very cool. I have questions.
Kevin: Okay. So, right. You know, Pokemon go being the standout like you walk steps or it's not even
Kevin: like walk steps to generate something. You just go to different areas for Pokemon to spawn or
Kevin: whatever, right? Like that's a thing. It's that's more of an area based games. Um, but like,
Kevin: that's, you know, that's like, they're the rest of the game. You catch Pokemon. They're gyms, whatever.
Kevin: How does like the game, the game part work, right? Because I understand, okay, you walk a million steps,
Kevin: you get, like, you level up a skill or you get a knock on item or something like that, right? But
Kevin: what are you doing with this stuff that you're getting or I'm walking?
Jonnie: Yeah, so it's kind of like gear grind, right? So at the moment, I'm doing hunting, I'm currently hunting deer, and hunting deer will give me two things. One, it will give me a bunch of resources that I can use for other skills, so I can like get their hides and turn them into leather and turn them into gear.
Jonnie: And then it will also level up my hunting skill because I want to get to a fire level hunting activities that drop.
Jonnie: There's achievements in the game, so you might want to go for achievements, there's collectibles in the games, you might want like butcher, you know, your kind of rarestrops that kind of don't do anything, they're more like trophies or whatever, so you might want to go and collect those.
Jonnie: The game will eventually have trading in some of those sorts of things, so you might want to be someone that like crafts, high tier items for selling to other people.
Jonnie: It's a little bit of like what do you want to do, and it's features in the game that are probably the three big features that...
Jonnie: I still have to come before they go into open beta combat, so that doesn't exist in the game yet trading and quests, so there will be a range of things that you can do.
Kevin: Yeah.
Jonnie: So when I first joined the game, I was like, I really want to focus on the agility skill because that's how you kind of get around the world, and I was like, if I focus on that for a bit getting around, it will be easier while I worked out what I wanted to do.
Jonnie: And I was like, I actually want to get achievements and collectibles, those are kind of my focus areas, so I'm more focused.
Jonnie: So other people at sort of similar stage in the game, a lot of them have better gear than I do because they're focused on different things, and that's really, I guess, the heart of the game is you kind of just pick what you want to focus on, and there's some pretty crazy grinds almost, which ever way you want to go down that pathway and focus on that.
Kevin: Right man
Kevin: That's some
Kevin: RuneScape sound no, it's because I remember like after I learned RuneScape eventually like okay, you know what I'm gonna
Kevin: I want to be a black smith king. I'm gonna focus on nothing else about my black smith and so I you know
Kevin: I had to level up some stuff because I had to beat the big scorpions in the case where the good ore was but
Kevin: But there was so much else I was not doing that's that's how that's wow. I'm I'm
Jonnie: Yeah, that's exactly it.
Jonnie: And one of the things I really like about the games is it's like I'm like Pokemon go that you kind of have to be constantly checking in on this game goes through waves.
Kevin: That's a fascinating design. Yeah
Jonnie: So you'll have a time where, you know, you're like, oh, I'll, you know, constantly doing things. I'm going to walk to this town, do this thing.
Jonnie: They're more to another town to do something else and you'll be checking the game, you know, maybe a very couple of thousands tips or something like that.
Jonnie: but equally you can have days where you're like okay I'm just sitting
Jonnie: at this activity I'm grinding it I need a rear drop I'm going to be here for a while and you could go for a couple of days without needing to check the app and and just you know when you when you connect all of those steps will log in and you'll see your progress so it's not something that's kind of feels like it's a demand on your time if you're having a time you're like well I'm not going to be able to check my phone.
Jonnie: That much then you can just park see yourself somewhere where it's you know maybe a little bit of a crazy grind and just leave yourself there and see what happens when you come out the other side.
Jonnie: I'm traveling to China and a couple months time for about three weeks and I think I'm just going to work out like what's the super insane grind that I would probably never do otherwise I'm just going to park myself at whatever that is for those three weeks and I won't check it for those three weeks and we'll come back and see what I open up to.
Kevin: as you walk the length back and forth of the great walk.
Jonnie: Exactly, exactly right.
Kevin: Oh, that's that's wild nonsense.
Kevin: So what do I, what do I say?
Kevin: What a cool design.
Kevin: What a cool idea.
Kevin: Good for these devs.
Kevin: Um, yeah, good stuff.
Kevin: I'm, I'm, I'm at least curious to see what this looks like.
Kevin: So I'll, I'll check out.
Jonnie: And if anyone does join, like if you join the slack, let me know because I'm keen to talk to more people about this game.
Kevin: I don't know if there's something interesting.
Jonnie: And like, yeah, it's crazy. It's super fun.
Kevin: And then me on the completely opposite end of the spectrum, I continue to live in the
Jonnie: What do we have to give?
Kevin: give up machine that I call POCOPIA, where I just turn off the world and just live in my
Kevin: virtual utopia because it's, that's all, all I've got, I, I planks so much, I'm hitting
Kevin: milestones. I'm not intending to I so um
Kevin: to give you played it all John here. I don't know how much you've caught or anything yeah, I hope I
Jonnie: No, I don't have a switch to and like I was kind of thinking about like is cocopia the game that makes me want to get a switch to and
Kevin: Yes, yes
Jonnie: I just haven't played enough other games recently that I'm like that. It just I'm not there
Jonnie: So I feel like it's a game. I honestly feel like the thing that's gonna convince me to get a switch to is gonna be a new animal crossing
Kevin: Yeah
Jonnie: Then I can see myself when you know I get something like that getting again like a cocopia
Jonnie: He's part of it for me with bakopia is like I don't feel a
Jonnie: strong need to play it now. I was like this was Dragon Quest Builders 2.
Jonnie: It's like I just played it when I had some time and I wanted to play that sort of
Jonnie: game and I was like ah this is great and I played through all of Dragon Quest
Jonnie: Builders 2. You know it's not like a new main series Pokemon game where you
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You want to be part of the wave, the trend, the new hotness.
Jonnie: feel like there's a huge need to be like oh yeah I need to play this while
Jonnie: different else is playing it. Exactly.
Kevin: Yeah. Nope. Yeah. I agree. Um, and thankfully, pakopia as, as Dragon Quest builders,
Kevin: absolutely will be perfect forever. Right. So yeah, when you're ready or when you want to,
Kevin: it'll be there suddenly. Um, okay. Well, I just wanted that reference to know what to
Kevin: I'll never explain to you, but I...
Kevin: But anyways, so for a measure of where I am, there's something called the environment level, where as you increase the happiness of Pokemon and then lead pretty up your town, because there's a few different measures as you place more items or get rid of, like, destroyed and ruined blocks, so it'll eventually go up.
Kevin: So when you reach a new area, you know, you're starting from level one, basically you have to hit around area five to progress to...
Kevin: to finish that area, all their quests and whatnot, and then later area or environment levels, excuse me, it goes up to ten, max, but that requires effort and generally like intentional work to reach a...
Kevin: I've hit environment level ten on two different areas, unintentionally.
Kevin: I worked up to... I worked up to level seven or eight on most levels, or most areas, because as you increase the level...
Kevin: it unlocks different recipes and items for you to use, and there were some good ones, like, oh, I want that, so I would make an effort to, you know, do stuff to increase that and reach it.
Kevin: But once I hit eight or so, I'd be like, you know, I'm good on those, I'll just do whatever.
Kevin: So for the last week, I've kind of just been putts in around doing my own thing.
Kevin: I spend a lot of time rebuilding, because, you know, there's ruined structures and whatnot, and that's kind of my jam.
Kevin: Um, I'll see like a broken down house and I like to figure out what it was supposed to look like and then fix it up.
Kevin: Um, and there are some big big big, uh, big structures and buildings and locations. Um, you know, again, we're a couple weeks in and so I don't think it's much of a spoiler, but, um, the SS and is in the game in a ruined destroyed state. So like I'm spending time fixing up and trying to lose lighter.
Kevin: Um, stuff like that. Um, but yeah, it's so yeah, but hope you that's it. That's it. That's my life. It's all I want. I still have not found the foundation bullock people.
Kevin: who play the game note. That means it's just like a simple block using some of the existing structures, just like a, like that ground foundation for the building. I have found it's the pain of my existence. I mean agony every day. Anyways, yeah, you can see this game is a problem for me, but, uh, but that's that's all I've been matching. Yeah, but, uh, but we'll get more into that.
Jonnie: Well, I've heard it from Al that we're going to end this month with an intervention for you. We're going to get together and we'll have a co-parent intervention for you.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, fine. We can make that an episode. That's okay.
Kevin: That's okay, oh
Kevin: But uh, anyway. All right. Um, all right. Before we get more into my
Kevin: We're pulling life addiction. Uh-oh, let's let's talk about some of these other games that supposedly happen
Kevin: Because I hear games are developers haven't given up for some reason. They want to exist in the pokopia world
Kevin: Let's talk now. Oh, okay. Let's talk about a fun one actually
Kevin: Over thrown you get a pass because you've been working at it for a while
Kevin: The one point out. Oh is officially out now. We're talking about it
Kevin: And it is here. It is on sale on steam
Kevin: From 25 USD to 15 USD of 40% discount
Kevin: That's pretty nice
Kevin: Yeah, well, I tried this game if I ever thought playing pokopia. I don't know maybe
Kevin: But it's it's you know the high speed high chaotic physical
Kevin: farming/throatbuilding throwing game. Um.
Kevin: Very cool that they came out. They have airships. That is part of the 1.0 update.
Kevin: Um, you can build your own air or you can get your own airship. I know you build it, but you can attack an enemy champs.
Kevin: Whoa, that's crazy, but they're expensive. Um, and outlaws, I would say, assume like bad NPCs may have their own airships, so you can do battle.
Kevin: That's, that's crazy. This game is crazy. Good for them for having this vision and actually doing it and coming out like an unreasonable time.
Kevin: This feels like a forever project, but here we are.
Jonnie: Yeah, this game, this game looks pretty cool.
Jonnie: Um, uh, I know out the nips said on a while ago and, uh, when,
Jonnie: when him and I first talked about it and this was in the very early days.
Jonnie: One of the things I was like, looked as like, it seems like a cool idea,
Jonnie: but I wonder where they're going to go with it.
Jonnie: And watching the, the one point of trailer, I was like, mm.
Jonnie: I don't know that they really went anywhere because, you know,
Jonnie: the initial concept was like, you can throw tree at sawmill to cut down tree.
Jonnie: Also, you can throw sawmill at tree, um,
Jonnie: which is fun and funny.
Jonnie: But watching the trailer didn't really see anything else that kind of hooked me in.
Jonnie: Like the combat looks pretty cool if you're into that sort of things.
Jonnie: Like, you know, you run really fast, jump really high.
Jonnie: Spin around a lot, all of that sort of stuff.
Jonnie: But I get the sense if you go back and listen to the episode I'll did, which was a little while ago now.
Jonnie: If that makes it sound like a game that you would like, I think you would like it, I'm not sure.
Jonnie: Like the update sound fine, I guess.
Jonnie: Um, but I don't know. I just I feel like
Jonnie: there is something that if every time I see this game is missing from the concept that like I just and I don't I don't know what it is. Um, I just want probably I think it won't more chaos. It almost feels too too normal.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, a little too grounded. I get it. I can agree with you. Well, here's a thing for me. I look at, you know, the
Kevin: Image the cover or whatever you want to call the image on Steam and there's your, you know, your knockoff
Kevin: Breath of the Wild Link character and a knockoff Hulu, right? Like they're clearly
Kevin: leaning on a lot of existing tropes or ideas and just adding in
Kevin: their someone said hey what if we had brought the wild but you could throw all these things at people really far in my opinion um so you know that's only gonna get you so far I agree um but uh at the same time they made it right they had an idea they're going for it maybe they weren't shooting for the moon but if this does well I mean they've been you know working hard at it maybe they'll get see more stuff and it'll
Kevin: a little summer but uh but I agree it should have more chaos and I think they can kind of get that sense because the game's already so chaotic so maybe
Kevin: we'll see um maybe they'll do more um but we'll find out either way go ahead yeah exactly as I would say it's but I had to do it's way at 1.0 which in this I mean I know it's really a lot of being that in general but like it feels like especially in in the cottage court space like oh my gosh it's so hard to get there for so many people so good for you are throwing hit 1.0 you're out
Jonnie: Yeah, and like, oh, it's just, it's a 1.0 ride,
Jonnie: which is just huge, huge achievement.
Kevin: you did it you made a game good for you um go check it out in steam if you're so inclined to have now to run and throw a building at a outlaw which you know is it's oh no matter what else that does sound like fun oh okay um speaking of things that come out or particular coming to the Nintendo switch on April 30th 2026 excuse me um we have uh yeah this is uh sorry I have to refer
Kevin: us myself to say they've got it's a metric I guess yes you call it grid based um kind of uh yeah
Jonnie: Yeah, this is like a very cozy, gutted builder is kind of hard to describe.
Jonnie: This is one that's been on my radar for a long time.
Jonnie: Like, I think visually, very appealing, like kind of more relaxed vibe
Jonnie: and watching through the trailer.
Jonnie: Like, I've got different ecosystems and stuff,
Jonnie: it's been a while since I looked into what they were offering.
Jonnie: You know, I've seen like, I guess skill trees or upgrade trees,
Jonnie: some of those sorts of things.
Jonnie: Like, this is one that I think I will give a go
Jonnie: on Switch, like, it seems like a perfect sort of switch/dingdix style game.
Jonnie: So I think it's just good to see what's coming out on the Switch,
Jonnie: because that's where a lot of us play our games.
Jonnie: And it looks, I don't know, it just looks, it looks way deeper than I ever expected
Jonnie: based on what I saw when I first saw a trip is for this game.
Kevin: Yeah, this, this may be what I wanted Garden Galaxy to be.
Kevin: For Galaxy Guard, what are that game it's called?
Jonnie: Yeah, I think that's a good comparison for the expectation level.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, that's the sense I'm getting.
Kevin: But yeah, I like the visuals.
Kevin: Like, it's, you know, obviously it's bright pics.
Kevin: I'm thrown into that, but it's very polished.
Kevin: Like, there's a lot of attention to detail, like,
Kevin: some of the splashing effects and then just little stuff like that.
Kevin: I'll see you later.
Kevin: You know, this one looks relaxing and dare I say cozy, so check it out. Yeah, good switch game. Like I said April 30th about a month from reporting or police, whatever
Kevin: So check it out if you're so inclined. It's on sale right now on steam. I don't know when this ends, but for our 10 bucks on steam if you're inclined
Jonnie: Yeah, actually, I hadn't thought about this, but now just kind of looking back,
Kevin: USD 50% off
Jonnie: it kind of is giving me, you know, like rollercoaster tycoon style vibes, but you're just building
Jonnie: a garden, you know, like the, it has the, I've been trying to think about that sort of camera angle,
Kevin: Yeah!
Jonnie: the slightly angled one, because it's another game, I think we'll talk about later that has a similar
Jonnie: camera point of view, and I was trying to think of what I remember reminded me of and now that I'm
Jonnie: what I'm thinking about.
Jonnie: I think it's that sort of roller coaster tycoon style.
Kevin: Oh my gosh, I haven't thought about it. You're right. Intention or not. It's all rooted in there. All those isometric games
Kevin: You're right. Wow. Um, yeah, I guess you could argue. It's a sort of
Kevin: You know say management game
Kevin: But it's it's still so it's actually because gardening is nice and
Kevin: And I will say like I don't know obviously I haven't played this yet
Kevin: But what when you're watering stuff or placing stuff right like there's an element of that
Kevin: In in farming gardening that's you know, it's more of a little puzzle to solve or you know to optimize how you want it
Kevin: That the maybe not in save rollercoaster tattoo or you can just kind of build whatever but I don't know. We'll see either way
Kevin: Particular look at looking all right
Kevin: Like I said April, but was it 30th? Yeah, coming out soon on switch
Kevin: Alright, um, so let's see your next one
Kevin: Let's talk oh my gosh
Kevin: It's a time of year a time for all the Easter themed updates to be dropping everywhere
Jonnie: [laughs]
Kevin: at Luma Island's coming out with their Easter egg hunt for Easter eggs you meet the
Kevin: of many luma fairy blossom items picnic baskets all the you know all the
Kevin: classic all the hits chicken all those boxes and you know a couple of other
Kevin: updates on their dude looks like a movement to managing like control
Kevin: scheme on the inventory that's always a nice one but yeah that is again Luma Island
Kevin: are you know for three to gain the visuals are quite nice especially those lights
Kevin: It's looking at them at night.
Jonnie: Yeah, and just looking at the screen shot for this one. I'm like, oh, I want to get back into the island was like my personal game of the year in 2024. I really enjoyed it. And I kind of probably bounced off.
Kevin: Check it out.
Jonnie: I think we did like I played it a lot, leading into the episode that we did on it. And then I kind of just bounced off and like looking at the screen shots and how full it looks.
Jonnie: Like probably a lot has been added since I lost
Jonnie: played so I think this is what I'm gonna jump in.
Kevin: Yeah, that makes sense. All right. Good. Wait, do we have a date for that up there that out already? Oh, it's here already. No, no, we don't go wrong think
Kevin: Let me see. Oh, it is like. Yes. I'm sorry. Okay. Well, hey, there you go update. Yeah, one point 1.8. I don't know when you
Jonnie: Mmm...
Jonnie: Yeah, now live. Yep.
Kevin: But oh go check it out. There are probably a lot of updates. You know how these games are always adding nonsense next up
Kevin: Speaking of updates next update those two ever dream village
Kevin: Something I don't we why would you announce update 1.14 and 1.1 five to the state I
Kevin: Don't know, but they're saying two updates at once, but anyways first off we get just a big quality of life stuff
Kevin: Like actually there's dinosaurs in this game. I'm reading the list
Kevin: Yeah, adding some new tutorials
Kevin: Giving clarity to items and so on let animal breeding stuff. Let's
Kevin: see General Gameplay redesigned the cooking mini-game way. You should probably talk about that
Kevin: a little more. A seed system. Oh, they can now have separate seeds and harvest
Kevin: double produce. I'm just reading down this list. There's a lot of interest. This is a very big
Kevin: meaty update.
Jonnie: Yeah, it's a lot in this update, but the summary to these seems to be a if you tried this game and you bounced off because you found it a little bit hard to get into it looks like that's where they focused a lot of their intention attention is on, you know, like focused on tutorials, you know, there's a part as part of the 1.15 which is to updates, but you know, that the headline there is first 30 minutes of gameplay are even more polished.
Jonnie: So if you started and you bounced off quickly because you felt like for whatever reason this game was a bit.
Jonnie: too hard to get into, maybe worth trying. This is not this game unfortunately for me falls into the category of my time in Porsche.
Jonnie: You know, I know that game was really successful, but like that game did not do anything for me. So now all of the games that are sort of emulating that style immediately I kind of just my brain switches off.
Jonnie: So I don't think this is one that I will try, but it's a big list of quality of life updates. So if that was your issue with the game.
Jonnie: And probably worth jumping back in.
Kevin: Um, yeah, no, uh, it looks like a hardy update, you know, the onboarding, you know,
Kevin: first impression things super important, sort of good for them for emphasizing that.
Kevin: Uh, but PCOPI exists.
Kevin: So I have no, no, no time nor love for, you know, they're cottage.
Jonnie: [laughter]
Kevin: I'm kidding.
Kevin: Now I'm sure I already know it's fine, but anyways, yeah, I won't be hopping in
Kevin: anytime soon, but go check it out or if you're interested, probably a better time
Kevin: to check it out.
Kevin: Uh, also on sale on steam as the time recording for 20% off.
Kevin: Um, 16 USD, um, anyway, um, speaking of updates.
Kevin: Well, okay.
Kevin: This next one, it sounds like a, okay, we're going to talk about abyss new lawn.
Kevin: Uh, big update 0.3.
Kevin: So yeah, okay, the 0.3 for that early, you're probably making big updates, but, uh,
Kevin: they are, uh, the updates called Elder Grove Reborn.
Kevin: They have just updated the entire world kind of rebuilt it.
Kevin: That's kind of big, or the starting world, I should say, that's what they call the Elder Grove.
Kevin: That's a big, sounds like Final Fantasy XIV, the reboard.
Kevin: So yeah, they've just redone this whole starting year.
Kevin: They split up into three regions, I'm not going to get too much detail of each of them.
Kevin: But a whole bunch of other bug fixes and some content stuff.
Kevin: I mean, I've got a man.
Kevin: I don't remember this game talking about it.
Kevin: You've got to write dinosaurs here.
Jonnie: Yeah, that's a I was watching the trailer. That's what stood out to be in like the the more look how like this game looks early
Kevin: Very cool.
Jonnie: but
Jonnie: And like it's got a little bit of that sort of you know
Jonnie: Breath of the wild thing going on like kind of huge world, but like you know
Jonnie: There's like a stone way will fly in around like some pretty big zones, so
Jonnie: Probably could the day focusing on giving them personality cuz I think it gave you an eye for a vima to most outspoken and talk about other
Jonnie: Games and like you know, you're gonna have a big world. It's got to have stuff in it, right? Like it's got a personality. So
Kevin: Yeah, you make me care about the world, you know, yeah, yeah, I'm you know what, I'll give you some
Jonnie: Yep, so sounds like we may be focused on the right thing
Kevin: free advice of this new donde who that people work clearly listening to this episode on your on
Kevin: your splash cover image. You want to put yourself riding the dinosaur. I'm just saying you probably
Kevin: want people to know that one first. Yeah, anyways, but yeah, good on you. Yeah, not a bad
Kevin: start to this game. It was your point three who knows when that one point old drop, but they're
Kevin: working on it. They're working on oh, they're, I mean, wait, no, that was the release date for their
Kevin: start. Oh, okay, I don't know. Either way, that update is out now. Oh, that's a on sale on steam as well,
Kevin: 30% offer about the 16 USD and some change. Okay, lastly, one more update said I saw this one,
Kevin: on my hard start racing, but sadly, it's a minor update. Uh, tared nil, uh, beloved little cozy game
Kevin: of mine, um, that I go to frequently. Um, it's a steam deck and cult controller support. Um,
Kevin: I, I don't know why you would use a controller. This is not a controller, but it's out if you do
Kevin: so want it unless, um, but steam deck, that's a fun one. You know, that is probably a decent use
Kevin: case to play it on the Steam deck, anyways, that is-
Jonnie: Yeah, I think somewhere I just heard our screen finally because we all know we all know his baseline position on this
Kevin: Oh, no. Yeah. Yeah, no, that's fine. That's fair. Oh, either way. I know. Only for 10 U.S.T.
Jonnie: But they do say that this is their last ever update. Yeah, and this is their last ever update. So that's it.
Kevin: Wait, what? I don't read that part! Wait, that's okay. That's okay. This new teranel too. Give me my-
Kevin: Wait, oh no. Wait, oh no.
Jonnie: Well, hopefully they are working on something new
Jonnie: because I think they've done a great job with this game
Jonnie: and continuing to add to it since we've just covered it.
Kevin: They have- Well, I wonder what happened, because I think they were absolutely planning to add more,
Kevin: 'cause in the game menu, when you select the area, you can like rotate this globe, and they had the
Kevin: entire back half like there, but not selectable. There's nothing there. They were gonna- I felt like
Kevin: they're gonna add more. Darn. Darn. Oh, well. Hopefully it comes out this sequel. Teranel, you guys did great.
Kevin: Good for you guys, I applaud you.
Jonnie: Yeah, and like I think they've added a lot since, um, uh, since initial launches might just be that,
Jonnie: you know, ultimately at some point you kind of run out of ideas or probably I think what,
Jonnie: what tends to happen more is actually the ideas are like actually not feasible in the, the game,
Jonnie: you know, system as it was an originally built in design. So, um,
Kevin: I don't know. I don't know, I don't want to think about this. I'm getting I'm getting
Jonnie: Yeah
Kevin: essentially terrified. But with that, let's talk about other essentially terrified things because
Kevin: that's all our news and now um oh wait no I'm sorry no I'm skipping
Jonnie: That's not a bad use.
Kevin: of the new games that was all the updates um oh I'll put a little reminder here though
Kevin: for copia and I should have I'm sure they should have said this um actually day all it's going to
Kevin: be too late if oh no maybe depending on the time uh Wednesday the 25th is the last day for the hop
Kevin: event uh people who know I believe you can buy the materials and do get the spawns later for the
Kevin: pokemon but just if you haven't done it it's really easy go out well find your little dandelion
Kevin: and see it's go, go by stuff from our bit.
Kevin: It might be back later. I don't know.
Kevin: People already date of mine. There's going to be more stuff, so we'll see.
Kevin: Okay, so let's last of the updates.
Kevin: Alright, let's talk about some new game announcements.
Kevin: Let's talk about Moonfrost.
Kevin: Sorry, one second. I spoke with my tabs on myself. Good job, me.
Kevin: Okay, so all right, reading the blurb.
Kevin: Let's see how many buzzwords we can check off here.
Kevin: Moonfrost is a cozy life sim RPG, sat in a world ravaged by constant meteor storms.
Kevin: You're not media storms. That's all right.
Kevin: Farmfish, craft and build your dream home as you restore a village in ruins.
Kevin: Find friendship or love and unravel the mystery behind the second move that looms above us.
Kevin: All right, you know what?
Kevin: There's a couple words in there that caught my eye.
Kevin: Second moon, that might be a concern.
Kevin: Yeah, shoot, so let's see here.
Kevin: So it's, yeah, a ravaged world. It's isometric.
Kevin: We're, you know, about the grid-based building, farming.
Kevin: You've got to town, people you're interacting with.
Kevin: You've got dungeons. I'll say the meteors drop in.
Kevin: Looks pretty cool. The visuals are pretty nice.
Kevin: But, yeah, we've got no ETA against me. It's nearly announced.
Kevin: - Yeah, I don't know what your thoughts are, Johnny.
Jonnie: Yeah, so visually this looks like it's like in the middle ground between
Jonnie: Stardew Valley and Coral Island
Jonnie: It's kind of like if those two were a spectrum. It's kind of sitting right in the middle
Jonnie: and
Jonnie: I don't know like does this look like a good game? Yeah, probably
Jonnie: Does it look like doing anything?
Jonnie: particularly unique or interesting. I'm not seeing it yet
Jonnie: Like I think at the moment it feels like a lot of games leaning into
Jonnie: the like unraveled the mystery as like the hook for like some sort of story element as like the hook for
Jonnie: the game and
Jonnie: I don't really play these games for the story from being honest like that's a side piece
Jonnie: Like as well I liked things like Carl Island where it's like, yeah, just clean up the island and there's a thing going on with cooperation
Jonnie: But really just clean the island like just do your fun stuff like and that's all really good
Jonnie: So look we'll follow this one as it as it develops, but
Jonnie: It like it looks good
Jonnie: But you know TBC right like what's it what's the hook?
Jonnie: What's different to this like why why would I play this over just going back and starting a new save on Stardew Valley?
Kevin: Are you not interested in discovering romance again Johnny?
Jonnie: Yeah, that's that's not
Jonnie: Absolutely not honestly now what I see that and like oh do we have to
Kevin: So, I'm sorry, I apologize.
Jonnie: Because the answer is usually, yes, in fact, you have to.
Kevin: Don't know where you've got this from, but I'll post it a little interview type question or an answer from the devs that is worth note here.
Kevin: The question being asked, Moonfrost have NFTs running blockchain features.
Kevin: We're in twenty twenty six, why are we asking?
Kevin: They are very clear, no, they do not have NFT blockchain features and never will.
Kevin: Oh, man, uh, I did it.
Jonnie: I think it's important to know as part of the answer of the game initially had that as part of the concept so it might be a based on whoever the developers were there was part of their initial.
Kevin: - Yeah, yeah.
Jonnie: And it's all pitch but they're being very clear that no it doesn't mind, although I will say like you know if that was ever in your your work map or plan then you know it just puts me off slightly right because it's like so what is the next type train that you're going to jump on.
Kevin: Yeah
Jonnie: and try and stuff into this game in order to make money.
Kevin: No, the AI features that are excited for co-pilot
Kevin: That might not be up to them that might be depending over the release
Jonnie: We don't we don't have three hours for me to go on on that rant. So let's just let's just
Kevin: But that is kind of wild they had the blockchain early on in development, but they stepped away from it
Kevin: So, you know, maybe leadership should add a note, but they made a pivot.
Kevin: It's possibly safe, but you're right. You don't know what the future holds.
Kevin: Yeah, all right, there you go. That's that's moon frost. That's our only new game announcement. Oh
Kevin: Keep on eye on it. If nothing else, you might see some chaos happen over there.
Kevin: All right, now we can get to pakopia corner. Ew, pakopia time
Kevin: At this point, I should have like a jingle ready just just for which to the pakopia
Kevin: So we're going to talk about lore. I'm going to say quote unquote story.
Kevin: This is full spoiler warning for people. I'm going to think about how to approach this.
Kevin: Yeah, I'm going to talk about every area and not not in detail like the map or whatever,
Kevin: but just just kind of the progression and what happens and discuss some of the NPCs and characters and then kind of the
Kevin: the final questline. So there's going to be full spoilers, but like because I'm going to try to break it down by area so you can hop off
Kevin: Wherever you feel, come.
Kevin: You know, I'm comfortable, dear listener, but let's cut into it. So first of all, um.
Jonnie: and maybe, maybe hold on, I'm going to, I'm going to interrupt you and throw your plan totally off.
Kevin: Yep.
Jonnie: So as a starting point, uh, zero ditto, right? That's, that's kind of what I know. But like, so just,
Kevin: Go for it.
Kevin: Yes.
Kevin: Yeah.
Jonnie: just set the context in terms of why does the ditto turn into a train.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Okay. Well, that specific question is a little still.
Kevin: fuzzy let's say I'm okay so yes I
Kevin: right for people I'm familiar let's just go right back to beginning since John E.M. played the starting of
Kevin: part point of the game is literally a did a wakes up from sleep whatever they wake up they are in an
Kevin: unfamiliar location they happen to find a polka decks nearby that has an image of the dido and their trainer and for
Kevin: whatever reason the dido is motivated to transform into a monstrous human
Kevin: nightmare dido thing and and that's just it's kind of motivated to do do so itself yeah
Kevin: there's I don't know why it just it sees it in a copy's it basically and so yeah where the
Kevin: trainer is where anyone else is that at that that's very unclear but then minutes after you
Kevin: or seconds after say you run into professor Tangro the tangro with
Kevin: glasses hang around his neck a CD on his head and somehow his vines are gray but he is professor
Kevin: Tangro and he runs into he finds you he's he's kind of shocked because he has not found any
Kevin: Pokemon or humans recently and obviously more shocked because you're a dido transforming into a person
Kevin: somehow and so the two of you venture out of the little thing that you've you've awoken in and you are
Kevin: anything else any other Pokemon side people or anything you run into a squirtle a woken from a nap as well the
Kevin: portal also does not know where they are and abused by way there's no other people are Pokemon the
Kevin: squirtle the dido transform into the squirtle and you learn the copy its ability of being able to
Kevin: project out vomit with water gun and water the grass which turns it nice green and vibrant
Kevin: and in doing so and cleaning up the area little just just to make things nicer you attract the
Kevin: Bulbasaur and you learn the ability from Bulbasaur to a called leafage that grows grass and then you
Kevin: realize you can start creating areas that attract Pokemon and so in kind of discovering all this
Kevin: char mander join your little crew all of you guys start to die to start reinvigorating
Kevin: the the the environment the level around you who are around you to uh to kind of attract Pokemon and
Kevin: hopefully people back because nobody knows what's going on or where is anyone and that's kind of the
Kevin: starting point for the game you have any questions so well okay all right yes yeah nobody knows where
Jonnie: Uh, no, that, that I think is good accounting.
Jonnie: So it was starting with a big mystery, right?
Kevin: anyone is why everyone is disappeared but that is um that
Kevin: kind of the mission.
Kevin: Let's mix up the world to see if we can find people,
Kevin: more people, and Pokemon.
Kevin: And, and so you start your journey in the area
Kevin: called the Withering wastelands.
Kevin: It is a green, well, quote unquote green.
Kevin: Everything is dried out sort of area,
Kevin: but a lot of green, you're a lot of trees
Kevin: and grassland type area.
Kevin: There's some ruined structures.
Kevin: Oh, one of the big ones you guys find,
Kevin: a Pokemon Center.
Kevin: Professor Tang growth recognizes what it is.
Kevin: It is that it was a building where many people and Pokemon together.
Kevin: So one of the main objectives is, hey, let's restore this Pokemon center.
Kevin: I might get part of that mission just trying to clean everything up.
Kevin: And so going back to, that's when the game kind of opens up.
Kevin: You get, you know, sandboxy and really up to you how you want to go about it.
Kevin: But you're creating new habitats as they're called to attract Pokemon.
Kevin: local months habitat or home.
Kevin: So that's that's kind of the rhythm of the game, right? Just go about building stuff up, make Pokemon happy environment level goes on.
Kevin: Around environment level five, that's when you unlock the environment level.
Kevin: The ability to restore the Pokemon center. So like I said, that's kind of the point where you can clear the area.
Kevin: There are still some main quests per area in the withering wastelands. The big kind of like issue is it's a very dry area. There's no rain. Everything has dried out.
Kevin: So you want to create humidity as Bulbasaur now, the engine is taken by storm. Let's get humid. Let's get this area humid.
Kevin: and uh... you want to introduce rainback
Kevin: so you you go about uh...
Kevin: you go about uh...
Kevin: right in a track water pokemon
Kevin: you try to attract a slow poke who's known for making rain
Kevin: you set up a little rain temple and so on and so forth
Kevin: uh... all in hopes of of bringing rain to the area
Kevin: uh... and so as you do that uh... you know like I said you can water gun stuff
Kevin: yourself or and and brighten it up but
Kevin: the overall objective trying to hit that range?
Kevin: Once you work enough quests and get to a certain point, you actually attract
Kevin: Hyoga, the legendary Pokemon, and as Kyoga does, he brings rain onto the area, so you know myth and met.
Kevin: Actually Kyoga is very funny, he has a southern draw in this game, but yeah, he has a southern draw and is more
Kevin: more than happy to help you guys out.
Kevin: And and as the rainstorm happens, it rain will in fact turn areas of dry grass into wet areas and so on.
Kevin: And yeah, mission meant right like that's the main objective and then once you've hit that and you've restored the Pokemon Center.
Kevin: That's kind of it for the the weather and wastelands in terms of the main quest.
Kevin: Now, here's the thing we're not just with this area, the whole game is a whole the quantum puts.
Kevin: the story is very simple, generally speaking.
Kevin: It's a very like here's this problem, let's solve it, let's you know play the game and increase the habitat level, the environment level, all that stuff.
Kevin: And yeah, that's also like I mentioned last week story wise it's it's very simple to technically the events the plot there's not too much going on.
Kevin: But as you're exploring you've start to find like said, there's a lot of ruin structures and buildings and things.
Kevin: You find notes and hints as to what on earth has actually happened, because here's the kicker as you go through the story, the characters don't actually learn the truth.
Kevin: You the player learn the truth, but as their Pokemon and they can't read human writing, they actually don't get the answer.
Jonnie: Ah, interesting.
Kevin: It is so looking at withering wastelands, one of the things you find in abandoned building that's that's fairly.
Kevin: It's not terribly taken a lot of these notes and areas are sometimes fairly deep in just the other day I actually found a new cave I'd never found in one of these areas, but when you investigate the little notebook there you learn you are actually in use your city from the Kanto region.
Kevin: And not only that, but evil I players like our mutual friend Greg will observe this is not just Kanto this is Kanto from.
Kevin: Pikachu and Eevee. Because a lot of the tile sets, the art and the layout are very closely
Kevin: matching the let's go game switches, such a fascinating. I am not played a let's go game. So I
Kevin: didn't catch this at all, but it's all based off let's go which is that one fascinating choice,
Kevin: but to the fact that they dedicated to that like very impressive, very cool. But anyways, yeah,
Jonnie: Yeah, that's really, that's really interesting.
Kevin: It is. Yeah. Um, and like I said, uh,
Kevin: you know, I'm not playing it and don't have strong feelings on the game,
Kevin: but medication to at least one interpretation of the can to region.
Kevin: I think it is a very cool choice. No. Um, so yeah, so you, um,
Kevin: so you start learning. Uh, I would say there's every area.
Kevin: I think has basically three general cracks of the sort of notes can find one.
Kevin: You find just snare or stuff about the area specific like in future city.
Kevin: You learned yes, the rain has stopped.
Kevin: Environment has gone into chaos because it's it's right out. There's this drought going on.
Kevin: Right, you learn, you learn little notes like, yeah, here's where coga lived or whatever, right to confirm where you are.
Kevin: I'm just a little hint in odds in a lot in a lot of cases. Sometimes when you find certain note, you'll actually learn,
Kevin: either an emote you can do, as dido, as a human, you can learn, you find new outfits or hair to change your appearance, you actually can get coga's ninja outfit,
Kevin: a very cute, and so on and so forth. So a lot of, let's say, I guess, call it flavor, right, flavor for the area and the game is all of them.
Kevin: But there are two other, what I call, I would categorize this as types of notes. One is the overarching like issue, as you learn that yes, the environment has gone into chaos and what more people going to start doing about that.
Kevin: And, too, you got notes from a team rocket member.
Kevin: And how that member and the organization is responding to the chaos as well.
Kevin: I'm going to get into those a little before the end because I think it ties more towards the final quest than the credits.
Kevin: But, again, these all spread throughout the whole game and throughout the whole world in a non-linear fashion.
Kevin: But, so, the more you explore, the more you're rewarded.
Kevin: But, yes, I'll get to that.
Kevin: But yeah, like I said
Kevin: it's a future city mode just ravaged by drought primarily and that's why, you know, again, the Pokemon trying to bring rain unintentionally knowing that was the root cause, but they just obviously see it's too dry. So and they succeed him bringing Kyogur and
Kevin: Aza once you've and then at that point you can fix up the Pokemon Center and you hit a point where you can move on to a different area. Do you have any questions or any comments before I move on?
Jonnie: No, look, I'm really curious as to where this is going.
Kevin: ha ha ha ha oh yeah oh just you I just bubble okay um oh gone so okay after you complete the main
Kevin: objectives for the uh the withering wasteland area you can go to actually to troll you have an
Kevin: option you can there's two gates as they're called doorways to a different areas that you can pick
Kevin: um you can go to a beach area or a rocky mountain area uh ones called leek beach the others
Kevin: rocky ridges I will go in the yard again totally up to you and and really you don't know which
Kevin: one you kind of pick a gate and you just go um I happened to end up at the rocky ridges first
Kevin: so i'm so i'll go into the discussion of that um do you end up in this mountainous area
Kevin: called the rocky ridges um where everything is or a vast majority of the location is also covered
Kevin: in volcanic ash you can see that there's been a major eruption in the area and has kind of just
Kevin: covered everything in ash so that's kind of our uh um you know chaotic root cause issue here
Kevin: right um you uh so as you start again going about you find the pokemon center and just like
Kevin: area area yeah say okay let's start bringing this place back let's start attracting pokemon
Kevin: um and and and fixing up the pokemon center um and now in the rocky ridge um you meet uh
Kevin: full of npc's this is where we start meeting some of our yeah full on characters you meet uh as
Kevin: you progress you meet chef vente um I don't have you seen any images of these characters are you familiar
Kevin: with chef dente johnny okay i'm gonna show you the images okay um oh you know what i'll show you
Jonnie: No. No, I am not.
Kevin: professor tank growth too just so you can see um one second um oh you have seen okay
Jonnie: The professor I have seen, like I saw, you know, some of the trailers.
Kevin: I'll question.
Kevin: Here's your shirt.
Kevin: All right, so you meet Chef Dente, an ingredient with a pot in their head and far in cooking
Kevin: utensils all over.
Kevin: They, like everyone else don't know how they wake up from a nap and are wondering where
Jonnie: [laughs]
Kevin: the humans are.
Kevin: Chef Dente in particular had a trainer companion they were close to who was a chef.
Kevin: And so that's where they picked up the cooking.
Kevin: Chef Dente is actually female.
Kevin: And she's a sweet lady, but he teaches you how to cook and you know the benefits of that from the gameplay wise and whatnot.
Kevin: And around the same time, you also meet a fantastic addition to the game, a new Rotom form.
Kevin: You meet DJ Rotom, excuse me. It is a Rotom who has possessed a...
Kevin: stereo system. And they are about bringing music and liveliness to the environment in the party.
Kevin: And so with these two characters, the kind of like the overarching mission is, hey let's bring, let's lighten up the place with a big old party.
Kevin: You go about trying to set up an entire big feast, set up a party area and bring out music with DJ Rotom.
Kevin: And so you're just trying to create little happiness and celebration here.
Kevin: And as you do so, finally when you reach the end of the questlines, you're rewarded with the appearance of Volcanion who continues to not care about humans whatsoever as other appearances.
Kevin: But they are impressed by everything you guys have done and it shows you how to make fireworks and you have a lovely little fireworks play as you end your little cast of Pokemon.
Kevin: And have a little party and food.
Kevin: So, lower-wise, story-wise, not too much going on in the Rocky Bridges, to be honest. What is interesting, again, is kind of the background stuff and really the gig in truth for the whole game.
Kevin: So as you bow through the area in Rocky Bridges, you find information you are actually in Tudor city.
Kevin: Mt. Moon has erupted and destroyed everything.
Kevin: And so that's why the...
Kevin: The area has become abandoned clearly. You find blocks outfit, you find some mines and so on and so forth.
Kevin: So, again, just kind of chaotic where all the people don't know what's going on, but again, little clues as to where you are, what's been going on.
Kevin: And what's interesting, though, with these NPCs, particularly Chef Dente, towards the end of the game, you can come back and get a sort of...
Kevin: secondary quest to chef dentate to learn more about them. You learn a final recipe that they
Kevin: want to master. And in doing so, you find more information on their trainer who'd written journals
Kevin: about chef dente and how they're teaching them to cook and how much they care for them. And
Kevin: you learn chef dente actually had a nickname from the trailer, trainer named and her name is
Kevin: Charlotte and it is the most heartwarming, heart-destroying little mention of just
Kevin: waiver of the how much this trainer care for this little greed and
Kevin: And sadly again all the characters completely unaware since they can't read anything
Kevin: But yeah, there we are um, that's that's the rocky ridges
Kevin: Over in the other area that you you could go to
Kevin: bleak beach
Kevin: This one's interesting because you can tell right away where you are because you're in this beach seaside town area
Kevin: But often in the distance you see a big cruise line
Kevin: And you know at this point, you know most people know they're in kanto
Kevin: You know right off the bat. You are in for million city. That is the SS and in the background, which is very cool
Jonnie: Amazing, that's cool to see.
Kevin: Yeah, it's it is so awesome because you see like the silhouette and then when you can approach it later you see it's all destroyed
Kevin: Anyway, so yeah, you are now in bleak beach now the
Kevin: prices going on here
Kevin: there's a
Kevin: Great. It is completely overcast always
Kevin: And then the town has been dark and obviously the electricity is down so you spend a lot of time going through the town trying to
Kevin: Bet electricity to generate
Kevin: During this area you meet hee-hee-hee-hee-hee
Kevin: um a hee-hee-hee-hee-hee that is very pale
Kevin: In its complexion like all the other characters. They're very
Kevin: very defined personality care.
Kevin: He's very proper and caring.
Kevin: And I think I mentioned this last week, but a couple weeks ago.
Kevin: The reason Pikachu is so pale in its complexion.
Kevin: It actually spent all of its electricity to save its friends who are getting sick, I believe.
Kevin: So, Pikachu at this point is unable to generate their own electricity.
Kevin: Sadly.
Jonnie: It's super cute. This color scheme is really nice. I like it a lot.
Kevin: It is adorable and that expression it has.
Kevin: It is just as sweet and delicate as it looks.
Kevin: In this area, you meet the second character that NPC you meet.
Kevin: Here we are.
Kevin: Mosslax.
Kevin: A Snorlax who has been asleep for so long.
Kevin: They are covered in moss.
Kevin: And so, again, kind of the whole object here to light up the town to bring, you know, clear the skies again.
Kevin: and in part to wake up Mosslax again.
Kevin: And so as you do so, you know, you find ways to generate electricity, different structures.
Kevin: You eventually even meet towards the end of these questlines, you meet Riku.
Kevin: I'm an appropriate, you know, electric Thunder Pokemon and they help bring illumination.
Kevin: Actually Pikachu plays a big role because even though they can't generate electricity, they can absorb and charge it and let it out in a giant flash.
Kevin: that which is, you know, very
Kevin: sweet that is trying to do all it can't even with its sort of disability, you know what I'm going to say because you can say for limitations at least. But yeah, you do so.
Kevin: And now Moss Lacks is interesting. Obviously, why is it covered in Moss? Here's the thing. So, as I mentioned with all these other Pokémon, you know, yourself included, they don't remember how they got there.
Kevin: wake up, well, they say, I just woke up from now.
Kevin: I don't know where they are, how they got there.
Kevin: Mosslax is not the case.
Kevin: Mosslax actually remembers how it fell asleep.
Kevin: And it remembers being with humans.
Kevin: It remembers if fought some very...
Kevin: It went to sleep because it had a fight with a very strong Pokémon.
Kevin: It essentially served as a sort of a protector for the town.
Kevin: People would give it food.
Kevin: And at one point if I go on.
Kevin: So powerful that it went to sleep and set for an unknown amount of time could be months, years, who knows, but so much that Moss has grown on it.
Kevin: But it's just interesting because you get the, you know, it's very different.
Kevin: Feeling from all these Pokemon that basically have amnesia, but this Moss likes no slough about the before times. And, and, and so yeah.
Kevin: other character NPCs, you can get some late-game quests to go to find out a little more
Kevin: Pikachu. You actually meet the friends. It's a bunch of small electric Pokemon. I think it's a
Kevin: Pikachu or Toxel and a Dennie that it cared for and then protected them and gave up its electricity
Kevin: to keep them safe. And MOSLACS, you just kind of learned that backstory of fighting. Again,
Kevin: again finding a very strong Pokemon just going to sleep for a long time.
Kevin: So yeah, very very, uh, I boss like I found particularly interesting because of that kind of difference, but yeah, you have any questions so far, Johnny, I know I'm going just on and on here, so please.
Jonnie: No, no, keep that and keep going. This is really interesting.
Kevin: Okay. Yeah. Okay. Um, okay. So the last area once you clear both the beach and the rocky ridges, you unlock the fourth area and it's called.
Kevin: "Fimmering Skylands".
Kevin: Now this is the one that...
Kevin: that made me go "Whoa" because this is the first one that I didn't quite guess where
Kevin: he were.
Kevin: You basically encountered this area that is a bunch of floating islands, there's like mountains
Kevin: of Bristol and it's all broken up and upon entering this area, you discover something pretty
Kevin: surprising to me.
Kevin: I just caught me off guard and you discover, because... let me back up.
Kevin: Another thing, Ditto, you know, being human-saved and having the transformed capabilities,
Kevin: it's clearly doing stuff that other Pokemon can't do, right?
Kevin: It's the one crafting everything, building everything, learn doing all these things, right?
Kevin: Upon entering the shimmering skies, you discover evidence of another Pokemon that has been
Kevin: crafting and building things.
Kevin: Because you see, not run down, but like make if structures, let's call it right, like it
Kevin: It's hobbled together from different materials.
Kevin: But you see structures, you see some machinery, there's a lift that will carry you from your end starting area to a central island.
Kevin: So you know, you've got you in prefer to tank or realize, oh, dang, there's another Pokemon it can craft around here.
Kevin: And so, you know, you get started kind of like you do in the other areas. You have the Pokemon center, your work and try to store the habitats, and soon you meet.
Kevin: ah baby.
Kevin: Welcome un-responsible for the stuff going on, ah, the best NPC in the game hands down,
Kevin: the other ones are great, but there is no competing with the Tinkmaster. Um, new here,
Jonnie: [laughing]
Kevin: let me show you their image. They are a inkaton who loves to craft, they have modified
Kevin: their hammer to have an array of, or it was like a wrench and a saw, and they love to build. Um,
Jonnie: Amazing. Yeah.
Kevin: They are charming, they are sweet.
Kevin: And they are all on board on repairing and building stuff and so it is great.
Kevin: So as you explore the Shimmering Skylands, you realize this was a big city.
Kevin: There were basically broken down skyscrapers and roads like asphalt roads going through
Kevin: the city or through these different areas.
Kevin: And there is one particularly big building that Tinkmaster wants to reconstruct.
Kevin: So the kind of the overall story here is rebuilding this huge tower.
Kevin: And this one is actually a lot like Dragon Quest Builders kind of.
Kevin: As you remember Johnny, you would have these big builds and you would gather materials
Kevin: and all the Pokémon characters would help build them for you.
Kevin: And it is very similar to that as you are restoring this building because this one is broken
Kevin: up in parts.
Kevin: Basically gather the different materials, find certain things and then build this next
Kevin: area of the building.
Kevin: 4 or 5, that is it takes to restore the building.
Kevin: And once you do so, yeah, you have built this huge skyscraper.
Kevin: It is actually very lovely in how Tinkmaster has built it.
Kevin: There is like a restaurant, an office area, a play area, very, very fun to see this building
Kevin: come to life's level by level.
Kevin: And anyways, so when you complete it, everyone is celebrating.
Kevin: Then you get, again, you get your.
Kevin: legendary encounter and this one's interesting because basically a whole opens up in the sky and so you go to the top of this big building constructed and what comes down from the whole but a master of all the first ever pokeball like or you see of this nature in the game and out of the Pokeball comes Mewtwo who was just been alerted to this construction and is checking in to make sure you know humans aren't up to scientific nonsense again.
Kevin: and he's like, "Okay, cool, very hot and just disappears."
Jonnie: [laughing]
Kevin: But it is fascinating because you see a master ball.
Kevin: Again, I mean, you see Pokeball is like,
Kevin: the items you pick up, but it's more of a game thing,
Kevin: not actually Pokeball, it feels like, but yeah.
Kevin: But that's interesting because, again,
Kevin: that's kind of like an instance of,
Kevin: okay, that new two clearly had human interaction
Kevin: or whatever and in different sort of environment
Kevin: than the rest of these Pokemon.
Kevin: - And so.
Kevin: As for the area itself,
Kevin: it took me a second to figure out,
Kevin: because in Kanto, right, there's the two big cities.
Kevin: They're celloed on, and then they're saffron city.
Kevin: At points, it felt like there was this weird mashup
Kevin: with the two, because some areas felt like celloed on.
Kevin: But after talking it over and looking over the notes
Kevin: and everything, you realize it's saffron city.
Kevin: You find Sabrina Kim, again, heavily inspired
Kevin: off the Let's Go look.
Kevin: It has a very distinct cyber futuristic,
Kevin: colorful look.
Kevin: So you see that the building you restored is clearly the self building and the Mewtwo spawning there is a reference to that and then there's a few things you see the fighting dojo and so on and so forth so yeah that one's very interesting to dig around and really interesting.
Kevin: Um, I'm going to all the details in the environment, but, um,
Kevin: but yeah, you learn about that. You learn all the details of what's going on.
Kevin: You learn a lot of rocket stuff because it's rocket had some presence to their team rockets and presence there.
Kevin: Um, but, uh, yeah, um, they're a very, very cool area.
Kevin: Uh, Tinkmaster, again, phenomenal character and they have an incredible ability.
Kevin: Every Pokemon has like an ability as you can imagine, right? You know, some of water, some will burn things, some will help plants grow.
Kevin: Think Master has a unique ability called Engineer.
Kevin: Think Master will, if you bring it to a building project,
Kevin: will reduce the time significantly.
Kevin: Some buildings won't struck until the next calendar day.
Kevin: Think Master can produce it to about an hour or so.
Kevin: Very cool, very awesome Pokemon. I'm absolutely a door tank master.
Kevin: And you see like this tower, they kind of built in the middle and their own little home.
Kevin: I just, I will think Master so much. Anyway, so yeah.
Kevin: That's, that's kind of the gist of the whole plot because the Shimming Skylands is the last area.
Kevin: And again, kind of that same rhythm of find the area of restore the Pokemon center,
Kevin: fix the big problem and you're done with the areas.
Kevin: So again, in terms of like the characters, that's kind of it for them.
Kevin: They don't get a lot of closure. They don't really get an answer to what's going on.
Kevin: But to you, the player, as you've been going on, you, you will find, again, find these notes.
Jonnie: Do we get an answer?
Kevin: Because again, they're spread out and you find them.
Kevin: But the final piece of the puzzle is one more separate quest line in the Withering Wasteland.
Kevin: There is this structure that looks like a lighthouse covered in sand.
Kevin: You discover it early on in your Withering Wasteland.
Kevin: And it's, you, you approach the building and it starts, a message starts playing.
Kevin: And you're inducted into this program.
Kevin: It's called the team initiation challenge and this voice is asking you to bring a number of items to the to this building.
Kevin: And so this is kind of like a long term.
Kevin: West line because you you encounter very early on, but a lot of the materials as you progress you can't access into later areas and so on.
Kevin: And it comes in eight steps. As you complete them, you receive a badge.
Kevin: There's like the first one's called a boulder like badge. I think it's just the kanto badges, but it's just a little decorative item pretty much.
Kevin: But there's eight steps to this quest line. I call it quest line. There's not much going on. You're just interacting with the voice coming out of this structure and you're just giving it items.
Kevin: Now this it's very clear like this team initiation challenge is team rocket.
Kevin: going back to the team rocket notes as you discuss your
Kevin: actually finding the notes of the member who was kind of responsible for the
Kevin: structure in these recordings. Um, basically with the, um, well, actually, you know
Kevin: what? Let me step a, those step back with the other notes that you've been
Kevin: discovering. You've learned that the environment has gotten so bad that humans
Kevin: have elected to evacuate into space. Um, straight up, that's this is the under
Jonnie: Okay. Oh.
Kevin: relying nonsense behind Pukul.
Kevin: I've decided to go into space. So now, from here, right, once you learn that kind of not insane
Kevin: truth, there's there's there's two, there's the team rocket thing, and then there's the conservation
Kevin: because here's the thing as Pokemon is people are trying to get into space already a huge endeavor.
Kevin: A lot of people are wondering, okay, what about the Pokemon? You know, a lot of people care
Kevin: about the Pokemon. And so you find one researcher scientist and Deborah Ringo, it's called the
Kevin: Pokemon Conservation Project, he's figuring out a way.
Kevin: How can they help the Pokemon while they're gone, because the environment is still so broken down and hopeless.
Kevin: And then on the other side of the team rocket, you learn about this team rocket member.
Kevin: Team rocket because of their shenanigans they've done are not being allowed to join other people in space.
Kevin: So the team rocket and this member are endeavoring to build their own little rocket ship
Jonnie: Things reasonable.
Kevin: Um, and evacuate.
Kevin: So, um, as you're learning all these pieces, you're starting to get the picture of what's going on.
Kevin: The Pokemon Conservation Project, it's really fun to actually mention the Aether Paradise to the Aether Foundation from Sun and Moon, helping them out too.
Kevin: The plan is this. They are going to put all the Pokemon in a giant PC system. This is the plan.
Kevin: At first, I thought this was the game. I thought we were inside the PC simulation world.
Kevin: Because things were starting on. There was a point where things weren't fully making sense. Um, but I think that was just a function of like the game mechanics or whatever limitations of the games.
Kevin: But you learned the system that the Pokemon Conservation System is only set the last a certain time. Eventually the Pokemon are going to have to come back out.
Kevin: So this you start to get the clear picture on what's on Earth with all the Pokemon. Why are they waking up with amnesia?
Kevin: They are finally being spit out by the Pokemon Conservation System. And Ditto is one of the very first Pokemon to do so because of its transformation abilities, very adaptable.
Kevin: So that's why you're one of the very first to ever come out. And then you get like a squirt or water Pokemon that can shoot out water and make that scroll.
Kevin: And this also starts to make some of these other differing stories make a little more sense. For instance, Professor Tang growth actually avoided the Pokemon Conservation.
Kevin: You in the backstory that you learned throughout the different notes. It was actually a tangle. It was the researchers trained tangle. But it escapes the scientists who are going to put it in the giant PC.
Kevin: And so Professor Tang growth has more or less been just wandering the landscape on its own for years.
Kevin: It eventually evolved into a tang growth and its hair started to gray that their vines started to gray. That's why it's somewhat knowledgeable about the world.
Kevin: and has been lonely for such a long time.
Kevin: I don't know about Mewtwo, but at least Mewtwo was able to...
Kevin: I might just be in the mashable the whole time, but it has some awareness.
Kevin: Kyogre was at the bottom of the ocean, so on and so forth.
Kevin: A couple of Pokemon slip by, but a lot of these other Pokemon that are just spawning.
Kevin: They're coming out of a giant computer system.
Kevin: Yeah, that's going on with the Pokemon, and again.
Jonnie: interesting. It's it's a really clever story like trying to come up with a
Kevin: Team Rocket on the Earth. It is. It is.
Jonnie: way to do it that's not too dark is difficult, right? Like it's like the you
Jonnie: know it's like the since you started I mean kind of waiting for the like is
Jonnie: everyone did right? And then when you said they'll lift the spaces like well
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Jonnie: that's good but like it's also pretty grim that they're like we're just
Jonnie: going to peace out I'm going to
Jonnie: just gonna leave all the Pokemon here to, you know, die and say, well, no, they kind of like,
Jonnie: I mean, it's not great, right? Like, they kind of did the Wally thing of we're going to just jump
Jonnie: on the spaceship and we'll work it out later. But at least it was like a, a reason, right? Like,
Jonnie: they hit, they hit some of the level of thought. So that's, that's quite fascinating. And like, it's a,
Jonnie: it works really well in terms of like, because I hate amnesia in games. It's like, what is what,
Jonnie: like, why has everyone forgotten? It's like, well, actually this is like...
Jonnie: pretty good reason, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. And so fascinated because again, the structure of this is all nonlinear.
Kevin: It's as you're exploring if you happen to find these things. Right? Um,
Jonnie: Yeah, like I hesitate to say this is a good story, but it's like,
Jonnie: you know, the standards being what they are.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. No, no, no, certainly not, right? It's, it's engaging enough, right? Um,
Jonnie: You know, it's certainly not a bad story.
Jonnie: And it's the right sort of story for this game where it's like, okay, so
Jonnie: you explore and you discover and just like, do you need it? No.
Jonnie: but does it make it better? If it
Jonnie: exists? Yes. And now, looking at all of the images of the NPC, the Pokemon with the actual characters like,
Jonnie: "Oh, these are all really cool variations." To me, this is what variations of Pokemon,
Jonnie: I hate regional forms. I find them super inspiring and they just don't really make a lot of sense in my mind,
Jonnie: compared to these versions that do make sense.
Kevin: Mm-hmm. Well, yeah, I mean, I can get the regional form like they are just
Kevin: Recycling right or just basing off stuff, but but these I mean these are characters. That is a not just variation
Kevin: They they are full-on characters with stories how they go. They're what they look like that. Yeah, I understand that
Kevin: Yeah, no, but I mean it's all well done and
Kevin: Wanted to call it well paced because it's so again off the beaten path in a lot of cases where you find a little hints and things
Kevin: I haven't found all the pieces yet
Kevin: There's still plenty of notebooks and things. I have to discover but like I get the general just a bit right from destroying so much
Kevin: But anyways going back to the team initiation challenge because that's really the final quest the the team initiation challenge the the last
Kevin: The last delivery you have to do is a set of items that you only get from clearing all the other areas
Kevin: Right like the last night when you clear the Sherman's Skyland area you get
Kevin: recipe for a game boy a classic game boy system and and that's one of the items you have to deliver so you can't beat it until you beat all the other areas so
Kevin: once you deliver all that um actually the I say that was the last one that's the semi to last one the last item you deliver is actually a photo you
Kevin: have to take a photo and they specifically say like a very cherished photo for someone you care about
Kevin: It's very touching and sweet and so you know you go take a
Kevin: picture who you want I rounded up the three starters you start off with Professor Tang growth and took a picture of us and you give it to the to the lighthouse and as I'm sure you summarize at this point.
Kevin: You turns out this lighthouse is in fact the team rocket rocket and it starts an initiation sequence by chance, Professor Tang growth actually accidentally triggers it with some party poppers.
Kevin: Um, but the rocket's build up.
Kevin: And then you get your charming very, very charming and touching credit sequence of basically paper cutouts of the rocket flying through space and avoiding planets and asteroids and getting hit and getting banged up, and at the end of the credits you find a little space station area with a ditto plushie in the window and an astronaut comes out and meets this rocket.
Kevin: Oh, I should mention, uh, I completely forgot, but when you clear each Pokemon center you find a record from what is clearly ditto's trainer, which is very cute and sweet.
Kevin: Um, there's not too much in terms of like story, but it's just heartwarming to see the the trainer that ditto also clearly cares about.
Kevin: Um, and then in post games like, you know, the minutes after you clear the game, you get the what I would call the real final piece of the puzzle.
Kevin: possibly a final to a team rocket journal entry.
Kevin: mentioning how they had built this project, and they actually gathered a surplus of fuel because that was one of the challenges for the whole space idea of it was coming back so they decided to get a surplus of fuel to kind of hopefully read wine good graces, as they bring it up to space so the implication that you know, one day people will possibly come back here, but that's kind of it.
Kevin: that's that again, a little bit of open ended story ending, but a little hope, which is very nice.
Jonnie: I, yeah, I coming into this was not expecting a good story.
Jonnie: I was expecting like just some nonsense.
Jonnie: The kind of doesn't make sense, but it's good enough for a game like this to get through,
Jonnie: which I think would be totally fine, right?
Jonnie: Like the game like this doesn't need to have a good story, but like hearing that it does.
Jonnie: And like I've listened to the last few episodes that you've done on the game,
Jonnie: it's making me really want to play it because this is the sort of thing that I look for in a game,
Jonnie: like this where it's like a little thought it's gotten to MS.
Jonnie: there's not that important to the overall experience of the game.
Jonnie: But if being there does make the experience better for some number of people,
Jonnie: like is this sort of thing that makes me want to play it?
Jonnie: Because there's a level of detail that's gone into something not critical,
Jonnie: then everything else should probably be pretty good, right?
Jonnie: And I think this is my constant argument with Pokemon,
Jonnie: like everyone's sort of, you know, that the trees argument, right?
Jonnie: Yeah, but if the trees are ugly,
Jonnie: like how much like how much care has gone into the rest of the world and the rest of the game and that's what I feel like is missing and that's like hearing this makes me feel like it's there and it's not just that the story is logical.
Kevin: It's a... Yeah. Yeah.
Jonnie: The characters like the the the mossy snow legs or whatever like they feel like good real characters for this world.
Kevin: Yeah, I mean, I fully agree right like care cares the operative word right like that's
Kevin: You know all the recent output of Pokemon I agree like that's that's been problem right like they there's stuff
Kevin: I like but there's you feel the limitations right like how much care is going into there right especially from the biggest
Kevin: Media franchise in the world right like you have infinity dollars to maybe put air and attention into every detail and you're not right
Kevin: So I that's it's disappointing
Kevin: But that's not the case at all in Pocopia as I mentioned so
Kevin: If you look if you know those little statues at Pocahontas a little like substitute doll looking dinosaur thing if you look at that compared to the let's go one it's one to one it's the same statue like they put caring to everything in this game it's it's phenomenal.
Jonnie: hmm
Jonnie: hmm that's so good
Kevin: It's incredible, I was going to get never played it so when red showed me the images like wow that is just from let's go.
Kevin: I'm absolutely brilliant and I'm not surprised right this is again the dragon quest builders team.
Kevin: There was a lot of care and love into that game so I'm not that was my expectation fully met I said this a couple weeks ago but it's and it's not just me I think the reviews say it all this I think this is easily to say the best game with Pokemon in the title hands down it's it's it is it's just incredible like I mean it's all Lauren what now but like I don't know if I said this on the show but I think.
Kevin: that pokemon's biggest strength is the pokemon for lack of better way of putting it right like the designs are always great but how do you interact with them how do you play with them right.
Kevin: tour the main games you go through your battle and that's something but.
Kevin: Pokemon early on the 90s like they introduce an anime a card game you know pokemon stadium pokemon say all these different ways you can play and interact with them and.
Kevin: You know when they do that well it's it's phenomenal and and that's all this game is it's just.
Kevin: hanging out with all these pokemon and build stuff um it's it's a normal and yes and then then then survive this insane essentially horrifying story here's yeah you're right it is wallie I didn't think about that but that it is.
Jonnie: Yeah, yeah, that was the first thing I thought of when it's like, yeah, we're just going to leave the bladder.
Kevin: it's wal-e with the little accent on it from the it's walley in the pokemon logo or font um yeah but anyways i'm scared because.
Kevin: they're reading plushies of some of these MPC characters so i'm i'm i'm i'm done for funny it's over from me yeah actually they're doing p2 and muslikes but yeah i'm scared.
Jonnie: Yeah, yeah, I
Jonnie: Oh
Jonnie: Those feel like the right ones to be doing. I would get like the rest of those and I would even play the game
Kevin: yeah yeah yeah what's nice um and and there's because they've still left it so open um there's room for expansion which obviously i'm going to be a sucker and buy right.
Kevin: away um like I mentioned we only do four cities there's only more cities we didn't do lavender town um maybe what is it uh tell other than.
Kevin: The place missy's from um not sell it on it's really it's really in city and that with the put with the big cave next to it like there's there's room there's stuff to explore and see more of.
Kevin: Like I said each of the environments kind of have their own thing all I forgot to mention staff on the reason so crazy it's tics on it's earthquakes just.
Kevin: with the pitted city.
Kevin: And there's a lot more like I haven't talked about all the locations and sites to see and there's still a lot of environmental storytelling just just looking at the land and figuring what's going on.
Kevin: But it's, you know, we can say that for another time. But yeah, no, it's it's fantastic. This story that literally people.
Kevin: I've, everyone was dead was close. I thought Pokemon and the PC was, was up there, but still they went places. They weren't afraid to go places. And that's this game with their story. So yeah, welcome to the Horsey. Oh, cool, cool. All right. But that's it. I've said my piece again for the third week in a row and I will continue to dance. So long as I'm on here. Do you have anything else to add or questions, Johnny?
Jonnie: No, I think that's like, it was a really good summary of like, like I said, I think for me,
Jonnie: it's made me want to play the game more like it's, it's really satisfying just to hear that
Jonnie: it's a story that makes sense. Um, and it also like based on what I know of this sort of game and
Jonnie: like, you know, having played Dragon Quest Bill is too and and some things like that. Like knowing
Jonnie: the story will probably change your enjoyment of the game zero, right? So if you've listened to
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, oh yeah, four score. Yeah, I mean, like the story's great. All the that's just one element like game. So I got I'm going at this heart still, but I also had just clearly have issues. So, you know, all right.
Jonnie: that's, you know, like, "Oh, should I play it?"
Jonnie: "I will be answers probably still, yes."
Kevin: So with that said, um, thank you, Johnny, for joining me on this little journey as I talked about the horrors of Pocopia, the underlying doors and thank you listeners for joining me. Thank you all for having me on.
Kevin: Do you have anything you'd like to share or plug or whatever?
Jonnie: No, look, I think just if you can join this like it's good time. We we chat about all things. I'll post kitten photos there
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Uh, I mean, I'm Cooper as wherever, like, I, I don't have anything interesting.
Jonnie: So
Jonnie: Yeah, that's that's the main thing for me. What about you kid? We can people find you
Kevin: I live in Pocopoebe worlds. Once I get, oh my gosh, I didn't even talk about palette
Kevin: town. There's a place called Pallet Town. Let's smell like art palette. Um, it's, it's
Kevin: basically the creative mode. Like it's a super flat huge area. That's where you can build.
Kevin: Once I get that going I'll share pictures of that and slap a guy I haven't even
Kevin: touched it yet anyway, so if i'm Cooper press wherever you care it's it's
Kevin: oh when I have interesting things to share i'll bring it up but whatever but as
Kevin: Tony said all the podcasts because that's always interesting we're on tumblr
Kevin: and blue sky at chs pod go to harvest season dot club to bear to see links to
Kevin: all the stuff we're talking about in the show or to give us feedback we can we
Kevin: like to read that I like to read the feedback here the feedback and talk about it
Kevin: be on the show get a tension and then if you really want to you know see
Kevin: that see the woods still in that it's all good but do you want extra bonus
Kevin: stuff go to patreon.com/ths pod where you can support the show just for a
Kevin: couple bucks a month it's it's it you guys do you I'm not forcing you but I'm
Kevin: more I personally am always more than happy to support the show and if you do you
Kevin: You get some goodies, you get acts.
Kevin: And we talk about the show and all that good stuff, and you also get acts as to the greenhouse, where we talk about all sorts of non-cudded towards topics and things.
Kevin: I have ideas.
Kevin: Actually, Johnny, we need to do, Ronnie, one with you specifically.
Kevin: We need to do a...
Kevin: I think we both had a few issues with the best games of 2025, so I think you and I need to do a round two of that one.
Jonnie: We'll see what we can make happen.
Kevin: At some point.
Kevin: But anyways, too.
Kevin: And we'll let you guys know we have other stuff.
Kevin: We've got plenty of ideas just times hard.
Kevin: Anyways, well yeah, that's all we got.
Kevin: Thank you, Johnny, for being on.
Kevin: Thank you all for lending us record and doing this whole thing.
Kevin: editing. Thank you all.
Kevin: Thank you for watching. I'm Paul for listening and until next time. Have a good harvest in space because you abandoned her.
Jonnie: Have a good harvest.
Theme Tune: The Harvest season is created by Alma Henry, with support from our patrons, including our
Theme Tune: pro farmers, Kevin, Stuart and Alisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave and our music is done by Nick Burtis.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed
Theme Tune: in this episode.
Jonnie: wonder what they harvest in space?
Kevin: I don't know, I don't know, beans and wheat and tomatoes.
Jonnie: Someone needs to make that statue valley clone, where it's just everything is like a regular
Jonnie: farming game, but it's moon carrots and moon potatoes and moon cows and moon chickens.
Kevin: wasn't that a game? It's a game. It was a cold. It had space cows. I'm looking you know, hold on.
Jonnie: Ah.
Kevin: It had aliens and uh, oh my god. Oh gosh. I can't find it. I'm gonna hate it. It's astro something,
Kevin: I think. Astro. Yeah, nope. I can't find it. Oh, well, there was definitely a game with space
Kevin: - I'm just cussed. - Um.
Kevin: Yeah, anyways. Okay.
Kevin: That was going to be the post credits, but I feel they couldn't find it.
Kevin: [laughs]
Kevin: Oh, I'll say, love you.
Kevin: Um.
Kevin: Oh, yeah.
Kevin: All right.
Jonnie: I'm Googling Space Farm again. Let's see. No, I found one cool. Oh, one line in the outpost. Was that it? That was it?
Kevin: Vee-vis, thank you, Donald.
Kevin: That's the one.
Kevin: Stop recording.
Kevin: But yes, that's the one.
Kevin: One moment I'll post.
Kevin: That's the one.